README.md, before:

# leetcode
Solutions for leetcode problems

| NO. | Problem | Solution |
|-----|---------|----------|
| 1 | Two Sum | [cpp](./TwoSum/Solution.cpp)/[java](./TwoSum/Solution.java)/[python](./TwoSum/Solution.py)/[ruby](./TwoSum/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./TwoSum/Solution.js) |
| 2 | Add Two Numbers | [cpp](./AddTwoNumbers/Solution.cpp)/[java](./AddTwoNumbers/Solution.java)/[python](./AddTwoNumbers/Solution.py)/[ruby](./AddTwoNumbers/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./AddTwoNumbers/Solution.js) |
| 3 | Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters | [cpp](./LongestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters/Solution.cpp)/[java](./LongestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters/Solution.java)/[python](./LongestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters/Solution.py)/[ruby](./LongestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./LongestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters/Solution.js) |
| 6 | Zigzag Conversion | [cpp](./ZigzagConversion/Solution.cpp) |
| 7 | Reverse Integer | [cpp](./ReverseInteger/Solution.cpp) |
| 9 | Palindrome Number | [cpp](./PalindromeNumber/Solution.cpp) |
| 19 | Remove Nth Node From End Of List | [cpp](./RemoveNthNodeFromEndOfList/Solution.cpp)/[java](./RemoveNthNodeFromEndOfList/Solution.java)/[python](./RemoveNthNodeFromEndOfList/Solution.py)/[ruby](./RemoveNthNodeFromEndOfList/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./RemoveNthNodeFromEndOfList/Solution.js) |
| 20 | Valid Parentheses | [cpp](./ValidParentheses/Solution.cpp)/[java](./ValidParentheses/Solution.java)/[python](./ValidParentheses/Solution.py)/[ruby](./ValidParentheses/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./ValidParentheses/Solution.js) |
| 21 | Merge Two Sorted Lists | [cpp](./MergeTwoSortedLists/Solution.cpp)/[java](./MergeTwoSortedLists/Solution.java)/[python](./MergeTwoSortedLists/Solution.py)/[ruby](./MergeTwoSortedLists/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./MergeTwoSortedLists/Solution.js) |
| 22 | Merge Sorted Array | [cpp](./MergeSortedArray/Solution.cpp)/[java](./MergeSortedArray/Solution.java)/[python](./MergeSortedArray/Solution.py)/[ruby](./MergeSortedArray/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./MergeSortedArray/Solution.js) |
| 26 | Remove Duplicates From Sorted Array | [cpp](./RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedArray/Solution.cpp)/[java](./RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedArray/Solution.java)/[python](./RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedArray/Solution.py)/[ruby](./RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedArray/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedArray/Solution.js) |
| 27 | Remove Element | [cpp](./RemoveElement/Solution.cpp)/[java](./RemoveElement/Solution.java)/[python](./RemoveElement/Solution.py)/[ruby](./RemoveElement/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./RemoveElement/Solution.js) |
| 36 | Valid Sudoku | [cpp](./ValidSudoku/Solution.cpp) |
| 45 | Jump Game II | [cpp](./JumpGameII/Solution.cpp)/[java](./JumpGameII/Solution.java)/[python](./JumpGameII/Solution.py)/[ruby](./JumpGameII/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./JumpGameII/Solution.js) |
| 55 | Jump Game | [cpp](./JumpGame/Solution.cpp)/[java](./JumpGame/Solution.java)/[python](./JumpGame/Solution.py)/[ruby](./JumpGame/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./JumpGame/Solution.js) |
| 61 | Rotate List | [cpp](./RotateList/Solution.cpp)/[java](./RotateList/Solution.java)/[python](./RotateList/Solution.py)/[ruby](./RotateList/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./RotateList/Solution.js) |
| 66 | Plus One | [cpp](./PlusOne/Solution.cpp) |
| 70 | Climbing Stairs | [cpp](./ClimbingStairs/Solution.cpp)/[java](./ClimbingStairs/Solution.java)/[python](./ClimbingStairs/Solution.py)/[ruby](./ClimbingStairs/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./ClimbingStairs/Solution.js) |
| 77 | Combinations | [cpp](./Combinations/Solution.cpp)/[java](./Combinations/Solution.java) |
| 83 | Remove Duplicates From Sorted List | [cpp](./RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedList/Solution.cpp)/[java](./RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedList/Solution.java)/[python](./RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedList/Solution.py)/[ruby](./RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedList/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedList/Solution.js) |
| 94 | Binary Tree Inorder Traversal | [cpp](./BinaryTreeInorderTraversal/Solution.cpp)/[java](./BinaryTreeInorderTraversal/Solution.java)/[python](./BinaryTreeInorderTraversal/Solution.py)/[ruby](./BinaryTreeInorderTraversal/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./BinaryTreeInorderTraversal/Solution.js) |
| 100 | same Tree | [cpp](./SameTree/Solution.cpp)/[java](./SameTree/Solution.java)/[python](./SameTree/Solution.py)/[ruby](./SameTree/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./SameTree/Solution.js) |
| 102 | Binary Tree Level Order Traversal | [cpp](./BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversal/Solution.cpp)/[java](./BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversal/Solution.java)/[python](./BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversal/Solution.py)/[ruby](./BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversal/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversal/Solution.js) |
| 103 | Binary Tree Zigzag Level Order Traversal | [cpp](./BinaryTreeZigzagLevelOrderTraversal/Solution.cpp)/[java](./BinaryTreeZigzagLevelOrderTraversal/Solution.java)/[python](./BinaryTreeZigzagLevelOrderTraversal/Solution.py)/[ruby](./BinaryTreeZigzagLevelOrderTraversal/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./BinaryTreeZigzagLevelOrderTraversal/Solution.js) |
| 104 | Maximum Depth of Binary Tree | [cpp](./MaximumDepthofBinaryTree/Solution.cpp)/[java](./MaximumDepthofBinaryTree/Solution.java)/[python](./MaximumDepthofBinaryTree/Solution.py)/[ruby](./MaximumDepthofBinaryTree/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./MaximumDepthofBinaryTree/Solution.js) |
| 107 | Binary Tree Level Order Traversal II | [cpp](./BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversalII/Solution.cpp)/[java](./BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversalII/Solution.java)/[python](./BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversalII/Solution.py)/[ruby](./BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversalII/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversalII/Solution.js) |
| 110 | Balanced Binary Tree | [cpp](./BalancedBinaryTree/Solution.cpp)/[java](./BalancedBinaryTree/Solution.java)/[python](./BalancedBinaryTree/Solution.py)/[ruby](./BalancedBinaryTree/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./BalancedBinaryTree/Solution.js) |
| 112 | Path Sum | [cpp](./PathSum/Solution.cpp)/[java](./PathSum/Solution.java)/[python](./PathSum/Solution.py)/[ruby](./PathSum/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./PathSum/Solution.js) |
| 118 | Pascal's Triangle | [cpp](./Pascal'sTriangle/Solution.cpp)/[java](./Pascal'sTriangle/Solution.java)/[python](./Pascal'sTriangle/Solution.py)/[ruby](./Pascal'sTriangle/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./Pascal'sTriangle/Solution.js) |
| 121 | Best Time To Buy And Sell Stock | [cpp](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStock/Solution.cpp)/[java](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStock/Solution.java)/[python](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStock/Solution.py)/[ruby](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStock/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStock/Solution.js) |
| 122 | Best Time To Buy And Sell Stock II | [cpp](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStockII/Solution.cpp)/[java](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStockII/Solution.java)/[python](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStockII/Solution.py)/[ruby](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStockII/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStockII/Solution.js) |
| 134 | Gas Station | [cpp](./GasStation/Solution.cpp)/[java](./GasStation/Solution.java)/[python](./GasStation/Solution.py)/[ruby](./GasStation/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./GasStation/Solution.js) |
| 135 | Candy | [cpp](./Candy/Solution.cpp)/[java](./Candy/Solution.java)/[python](./Candy/Solution.py)/[ruby](./Candy/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./Candy/Solution.js) |
| 136 | Single Number | [cpp](./SingleNumber/Solution.cpp)/[java](./SingleNumber/Solution.java)/[python](./SingleNumber/Solution.py)/[ruby](./SingleNumber/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./SingleNumber/Solution.js) |
| 141 | Linked List Cycle | [cpp](./LinkedListCycle/Solution.cpp)/[java](./LinkedListCycle/Solution.java)/[python](./LinkedListCycle/Solution.py)/[javascript](./LinkedListCycle/Solution.js) |
| 142 | Linked List Cycle II | [cpp](./LinkedListCycleII/Solution.cpp)/[java](./LinkedListCycleII/Solution.java)/[python](./LinkedListCycleII/Solution.py)/[javascript](./LinkedListCycleII/Solution.js) |
| 144 | Binary Tree Preorder Traversal | [cpp](./BinaryTreePreorderTraversal/Solution.cpp)/[java](./BinaryTreePreorderTraversal/Solution.java)/[python](./BinaryTreePreorderTraversal/Solution.py)/[ruby](./BinaryTreePreorderTraversal/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./BinaryTreePreorderTraversal/Solution.js) |
| 145 | Binary Tree Postorder Traversal | [cpp](./BinaryTreePostorderTraversal/Solution.cpp)/[java](./BinaryTreePostorderTraversal/Solution.java)/[python](./BinaryTreePostorderTraversal/Solution.py)/[ruby](./BinaryTreePostorderTraversal/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./BinaryTreePostorderTraversal/Solution.js) |
| 147 | Insertion Sort List | [cpp](./InsertionSortList/Solution.cpp) |
| 155 | Min Stack | [cpp](./MinStack/MinStack.cpp)/[java](./MinStack/MinStack.java)/[python](./MinStack/MinStack.py)/[ruby](./MinStack/MinStack.rb)/[javascript](./MinStack/MinStack.js) |
| 162 | Find Peak Element | [cpp](./FindPeakElement/Solution.cpp)/[java](./FindPeakElement/Solution.java)/[python](./FindPeakElement/Solution.py)/[ruby](./FindPeakElement/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./FindPeakElement/Solution.js) |
| 172 | Factorial Trailing Zeroes | [cpp](./FactorialTrailingZeroes/Solution.cpp)/[java](./FactorialTrailingZeroes/Solution.java)/[python](./FactorialTrailingZeroes/Solution.py)/[ruby](./FactorialTrailingZeroes/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./FactorialTrailingZeroes/Solution.js) |
| 189 | Rotate Array | [cpp](./RotateArray/Solution.cpp)/[java](./RotateArray/Solution.java)/[python](./RotateArray/Solution.py)/[ruby](./RotateArray/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./RotateArray/Solution.js) |
| 190 | Reverse Bits | [cpp](./ReverseBits/Solution.cpp) |
| 191 | Number Of 1 Bits | [cpp](./NumberOf1Bits/Solution.cpp)/[java](./NumberOf1Bits/Solution.java)/[python](./NumberOf1Bits/Solution.py)/[ruby](./NumberOf1Bits/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./NumberOf1Bits/Solution.js) |
| 192 | Word Frequency | [bash](./WordFrequency/Solution.sh) |
| 193 | Valid Phone Number | [bash](./ValidPhoneNumber/Solution.sh) |
| 194 | Transpose File | [bash](./TransposeFile/Solution.sh) |
| 195 | Tenth Line | [bash](./TenthLine/Solution.sh) |
| 198 | House Robber | [cpp](./HouseRobber/Solution.cpp)/[java](./HouseRobber/Solution.java)/[python](./HouseRobber/Solution.py)/[ruby](./HouseRobber/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./HouseRobber/Solution.js) |
| 202 | Happy Number | [cpp](./HappyNumber/Solution.cpp)/[java](./HappyNumber/Solution.java)/[python](./HappyNumber/Solution.py)/[ruby](./HappyNumber/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./HappyNumber/Solution.js) |
| 206 | Reverse Linked List | [cpp](./ReverseLinkedList/Solution.cpp)/[java](./ReverseLinkedList/Solution.java)/[python](./ReverseLinkedList/Solution.py)/[ruby](./ReverseLinkedList/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./ReverseLinkedList/Solution.js) |
| 223 | Rectangle Area | [cpp](./RectangleArea/Solution.cpp)/[java](./RectangleArea/Solution.java)/[python](./RectangleArea/Solution.py)/[ruby](./RectangleArea/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./RectangleArea/Solution.js) |
| 228 | Summary Ranges | [cpp](./SummaryRanges/Solution.cpp)/[java](./SummaryRanges/Solution.java)/[python](./SummaryRanges/Solution.py)/[ruby](./SummaryRanges/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./SummaryRanges/Solution.js) |
| 231 | Power Of Two | [cpp](./PowerOfTwo/Solution.cpp)/[java](./PowerOfTwo/Solution.java)/[python](./PowerOfTwo/Solution.py)/[ruby](./PowerOfTwo/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./PowerOfTwo/Solution.js) |
| 234 | Palindrome Linked List | [cpp](./PalindromeLinkedList/Solution.cpp)/[java](./PalindromeLinkedList/Solution.java)/[python](./PalindromeLinkedList/Solution.py)/[ruby](./PalindromeLinkedList/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./PalindromeLinkedList/Solution.js) |
| 235 | Lowest Common Ancestor Of A Binary Search Tree | [cpp](./LowestCommonAncestorOfABinarySearchTree/Solution.cpp)/[java](./LowestCommonAncestorOfABinarySearchTree/Solution.java)/[python](./LowestCommonAncestorOfABinarySearchTree/Solution.py)/[ruby](./LowestCommonAncestorOfABinarySearchTree/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./LowestCommonAncestorOfABinarySearchTree/Solution.js) |
| 236 | Lowest Common Ancestor Of A Binary Tree | [cpp](./LowestCommonAncestorOfABinaryTree/Solution.cpp)/[java](./LowestCommonAncestorOfABinaryTree/Solution.java)/[python](./LowestCommonAncestorOfABinaryTree/Solution.py)/[ruby](./LowestCommonAncestorOfABinaryTree/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./LowestCommonAncestorOfABinaryTree/Solution.js) |
| 237 | Delete Node in a Linked List | [cpp](./DeleteNodeInALinkedList/Solution.cpp)/[java](./DeleteNodeInALinkedList/Solution.java)/[python](./DeleteNodeInALinkedList/Solution.py)/[ruby](./DeleteNodeInALinkedList/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./DeleteNodeInALinkedList/Solution.js) |
| 238 | Product Of Array Except Self | [cpp](./ProductOfArrayExceptSelf/Solution.cpp)/[java](./ProductOfArrayExceptSelf/Solution.java)/[python](./ProductOfArrayExceptSelf/Solution.py)/[ruby](./ProductOfArrayExceptSelf/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./ProductOfArrayExceptSelf/Solution.js) |
| 241 | Different Ways To Add Parentheses | [cpp](./DifferentWaysToAddParentheses/Solution.cpp)/[java](./DifferentWaysToAddParentheses/Solution.java)/[python](./DifferentWaysToAddParentheses/Solution.py)/[ruby](./DifferentWaysToAddParentheses/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./DifferentWaysToAddParentheses/Solution.js) |
| 242 | Valid Anagram | [cpp](./ValidAnagram/Solution.cpp)/[java](./ValidAnagram/Solution.java) |
| 257 | Binary Tree Paths | [cpp](./binaryTreePaths/Solution.cpp)/[java](./binaryTreePaths/Solution.java)/[python](./binaryTreePaths/Solution.py)/[ruby](./binaryTreePaths/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./binaryTreePaths/Solution.js) |
| 258 | Add Digits | [cpp](./AddDigits/Solution.cpp)/[java](./AddDigits/Solution.java)/[python](./AddDigits/Solution.py)/[ruby](./AddDigits/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./AddDigits/Solution.js) |
| 263 | Ugly Number | [cpp](./UglyNumber/Solution.cpp)/[java](./UglyNumber/Solution.java)/[python](./UglyNumber/Solution.py)/[ruby](./UglyNumber/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./UglyNumber/Solution.js) |
| 264 | Ugly Number II | [cpp](./UglyNumberII/Solution.cpp)/[java](./UglyNumberII/Solution.java)/[python](./UglyNumberII/Solution.py)/[ruby](./UglyNumberII/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./UglyNumberII/Solution.js) |
| 268 | Missing Number | [cpp](./MissingNumber/Solution.cpp)/[java](./MissingNumber/Solution.java)/[python](./MissingNumber/Solution.py)/[ruby](./MissingNumber/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./MissingNumber/Solution.js) |
| 274 | H-Index | [cpp](./H-Index/Solution.cpp)/[java](./H-Index/Solution.java)/[python](./H-Index/Solution.py)/[ruby](./H-Index/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./H-Index/Solution.js) |
| 275 | H-Index II | [cpp](./H-IndexII/Solution.cpp)/[java](./H-IndexII/Solution.java)/[python](./H-IndexII/Solution.py)/[ruby](./H-IndexII/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./H-IndexII/Solution.js) |
| 278 | First Bad Version | [cpp](./FirstBadVersion/Solution.cpp)/[java](./FirstBadVersion/Solution.java)/[python](./FirstBadVersion/Solution.py)/[ruby](./FirstBadVersion/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./FirstBadVersion/Solution.js) |
| 279 | Perfect Squares | [cpp](./PerfectSquares/Solution.cpp)/[java](./PerfectSquares/Solution.java)/[python](./PerfectSquares/Solution.py)/[ruby](./PerfectSquares/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./PerfectSquares/Solution.js) |
| 283 | Move Zeroes | [cpp](./MoveZeroes/Solution.cpp)/[java](./MoveZeroes/Solution.java)/[python](./MoveZeroes/Solution.py)/[rb](./MoveZeroes/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./MoveZeroes/Solution.js) |
| 284 | Peeking Iterator | [cpp](./PeekingIterator/Solution.cpp)/[java](./PeekingIterator/Solution.java)/[python](./PeekingIterator/Solution.py) |
| 290 | Word Pattern | [java](./WordPattern/Solution.java)/[python](./WordPattern/Solution.py)/[ruby](./WordPattern/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./WordPattern/Solution.js) |
| 292 | Nim Game | [cpp](./NimGame/Solution.cpp)/[java](./NimGame/Solution.java)/[python](./NimGame/Solution.py)/[ruby](./NimGame/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./NimGame/Solution.js) |

Commit message:

add cpp solution for Best Time To Buy And Sell Stock III

README.md, after:

# leetcode
Solutions for leetcode problems

| NO. | Problem | Solution |
|-----|---------|----------|
| 1 | Two Sum | [cpp](./TwoSum/Solution.cpp)/[java](./TwoSum/Solution.java)/[python](./TwoSum/Solution.py)/[ruby](./TwoSum/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./TwoSum/Solution.js) |
| 2 | Add Two Numbers | [cpp](./AddTwoNumbers/Solution.cpp)/[java](./AddTwoNumbers/Solution.java)/[python](./AddTwoNumbers/Solution.py)/[ruby](./AddTwoNumbers/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./AddTwoNumbers/Solution.js) |
| 3 | Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters | [cpp](./LongestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters/Solution.cpp)/[java](./LongestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters/Solution.java)/[python](./LongestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters/Solution.py)/[ruby](./LongestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./LongestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters/Solution.js) |
| 6 | Zigzag Conversion | [cpp](./ZigzagConversion/Solution.cpp) |
| 7 | Reverse Integer | [cpp](./ReverseInteger/Solution.cpp) |
| 9 | Palindrome Number | [cpp](./PalindromeNumber/Solution.cpp) |
| 19 | Remove Nth Node From End Of List | [cpp](./RemoveNthNodeFromEndOfList/Solution.cpp)/[java](./RemoveNthNodeFromEndOfList/Solution.java)/[python](./RemoveNthNodeFromEndOfList/Solution.py)/[ruby](./RemoveNthNodeFromEndOfList/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./RemoveNthNodeFromEndOfList/Solution.js) |
| 20 | Valid Parentheses | [cpp](./ValidParentheses/Solution.cpp)/[java](./ValidParentheses/Solution.java)/[python](./ValidParentheses/Solution.py)/[ruby](./ValidParentheses/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./ValidParentheses/Solution.js) |
| 21 | Merge Two Sorted Lists | [cpp](./MergeTwoSortedLists/Solution.cpp)/[java](./MergeTwoSortedLists/Solution.java)/[python](./MergeTwoSortedLists/Solution.py)/[ruby](./MergeTwoSortedLists/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./MergeTwoSortedLists/Solution.js) |
| 22 | Merge Sorted Array | [cpp](./MergeSortedArray/Solution.cpp)/[java](./MergeSortedArray/Solution.java)/[python](./MergeSortedArray/Solution.py)/[ruby](./MergeSortedArray/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./MergeSortedArray/Solution.js) |
| 26 | Remove Duplicates From Sorted Array | [cpp](./RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedArray/Solution.cpp)/[java](./RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedArray/Solution.java)/[python](./RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedArray/Solution.py)/[ruby](./RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedArray/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedArray/Solution.js) |
| 27 | Remove Element | [cpp](./RemoveElement/Solution.cpp)/[java](./RemoveElement/Solution.java)/[python](./RemoveElement/Solution.py)/[ruby](./RemoveElement/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./RemoveElement/Solution.js) |
| 36 | Valid Sudoku | [cpp](./ValidSudoku/Solution.cpp) |
| 45 | Jump Game II | [cpp](./JumpGameII/Solution.cpp)/[java](./JumpGameII/Solution.java)/[python](./JumpGameII/Solution.py)/[ruby](./JumpGameII/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./JumpGameII/Solution.js) |
| 55 | Jump Game | [cpp](./JumpGame/Solution.cpp)/[java](./JumpGame/Solution.java)/[python](./JumpGame/Solution.py)/[ruby](./JumpGame/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./JumpGame/Solution.js) |
| 61 | Rotate List | [cpp](./RotateList/Solution.cpp)/[java](./RotateList/Solution.java)/[python](./RotateList/Solution.py)/[ruby](./RotateList/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./RotateList/Solution.js) |
| 66 | Plus One | [cpp](./PlusOne/Solution.cpp) |
| 70 | Climbing Stairs | [cpp](./ClimbingStairs/Solution.cpp)/[java](./ClimbingStairs/Solution.java)/[python](./ClimbingStairs/Solution.py)/[ruby](./ClimbingStairs/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./ClimbingStairs/Solution.js) |
| 77 | Combinations | [cpp](./Combinations/Solution.cpp)/[java](./Combinations/Solution.java) |
| 83 | Remove Duplicates From Sorted List | [cpp](./RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedList/Solution.cpp)/[java](./RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedList/Solution.java)/[python](./RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedList/Solution.py)/[ruby](./RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedList/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./RemoveDuplicatesFromSortedList/Solution.js) |
| 94 | Binary Tree Inorder Traversal | [cpp](./BinaryTreeInorderTraversal/Solution.cpp)/[java](./BinaryTreeInorderTraversal/Solution.java)/[python](./BinaryTreeInorderTraversal/Solution.py)/[ruby](./BinaryTreeInorderTraversal/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./BinaryTreeInorderTraversal/Solution.js) |
| 100 | same Tree | [cpp](./SameTree/Solution.cpp)/[java](./SameTree/Solution.java)/[python](./SameTree/Solution.py)/[ruby](./SameTree/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./SameTree/Solution.js) |
| 102 | Binary Tree Level Order Traversal | [cpp](./BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversal/Solution.cpp)/[java](./BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversal/Solution.java)/[python](./BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversal/Solution.py)/[ruby](./BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversal/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversal/Solution.js) |
| 103 | Binary Tree Zigzag Level Order Traversal | [cpp](./BinaryTreeZigzagLevelOrderTraversal/Solution.cpp)/[java](./BinaryTreeZigzagLevelOrderTraversal/Solution.java)/[python](./BinaryTreeZigzagLevelOrderTraversal/Solution.py)/[ruby](./BinaryTreeZigzagLevelOrderTraversal/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./BinaryTreeZigzagLevelOrderTraversal/Solution.js) |
| 104 | Maximum Depth of Binary Tree | [cpp](./MaximumDepthofBinaryTree/Solution.cpp)/[java](./MaximumDepthofBinaryTree/Solution.java)/[python](./MaximumDepthofBinaryTree/Solution.py)/[ruby](./MaximumDepthofBinaryTree/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./MaximumDepthofBinaryTree/Solution.js) |
| 107 | Binary Tree Level Order Traversal II | [cpp](./BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversalII/Solution.cpp)/[java](./BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversalII/Solution.java)/[python](./BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversalII/Solution.py)/[ruby](./BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversalII/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./BinaryTreeLevelOrderTraversalII/Solution.js) |
| 110 | Balanced Binary Tree | [cpp](./BalancedBinaryTree/Solution.cpp)/[java](./BalancedBinaryTree/Solution.java)/[python](./BalancedBinaryTree/Solution.py)/[ruby](./BalancedBinaryTree/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./BalancedBinaryTree/Solution.js) |
| 112 | Path Sum | [cpp](./PathSum/Solution.cpp)/[java](./PathSum/Solution.java)/[python](./PathSum/Solution.py)/[ruby](./PathSum/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./PathSum/Solution.js) |
| 118 | Pascal's Triangle | [cpp](./Pascal'sTriangle/Solution.cpp)/[java](./Pascal'sTriangle/Solution.java)/[python](./Pascal'sTriangle/Solution.py)/[ruby](./Pascal'sTriangle/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./Pascal'sTriangle/Solution.js) |
| 121 | Best Time To Buy And Sell Stock | [cpp](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStock/Solution.cpp)/[java](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStock/Solution.java)/[python](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStock/Solution.py)/[ruby](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStock/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStock/Solution.js) |
| 122 | Best Time To Buy And Sell Stock II | [cpp](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStockII/Solution.cpp)/[java](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStockII/Solution.java)/[python](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStockII/Solution.py)/[ruby](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStockII/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStockII/Solution.js) |
| 123 | Best Time To Buy And Sell Stock III | [cpp](./BestTimeToBuyAndSellStockIII/Solution.cpp) |
| 134 | Gas Station | [cpp](./GasStation/Solution.cpp)/[java](./GasStation/Solution.java)/[python](./GasStation/Solution.py)/[ruby](./GasStation/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./GasStation/Solution.js) |
| 135 | Candy | [cpp](./Candy/Solution.cpp)/[java](./Candy/Solution.java)/[python](./Candy/Solution.py)/[ruby](./Candy/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./Candy/Solution.js) |
| 136 | Single Number | [cpp](./SingleNumber/Solution.cpp)/[java](./SingleNumber/Solution.java)/[python](./SingleNumber/Solution.py)/[ruby](./SingleNumber/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./SingleNumber/Solution.js) |
| 141 | Linked List Cycle | [cpp](./LinkedListCycle/Solution.cpp)/[java](./LinkedListCycle/Solution.java)/[python](./LinkedListCycle/Solution.py)/[javascript](./LinkedListCycle/Solution.js) |
| 142 | Linked List Cycle II | [cpp](./LinkedListCycleII/Solution.cpp)/[java](./LinkedListCycleII/Solution.java)/[python](./LinkedListCycleII/Solution.py)/[javascript](./LinkedListCycleII/Solution.js) |
| 144 | Binary Tree Preorder Traversal | [cpp](./BinaryTreePreorderTraversal/Solution.cpp)/[java](./BinaryTreePreorderTraversal/Solution.java)/[python](./BinaryTreePreorderTraversal/Solution.py)/[ruby](./BinaryTreePreorderTraversal/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./BinaryTreePreorderTraversal/Solution.js) |
| 145 | Binary Tree Postorder Traversal | [cpp](./BinaryTreePostorderTraversal/Solution.cpp)/[java](./BinaryTreePostorderTraversal/Solution.java)/[python](./BinaryTreePostorderTraversal/Solution.py)/[ruby](./BinaryTreePostorderTraversal/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./BinaryTreePostorderTraversal/Solution.js) |
| 147 | Insertion Sort List | [cpp](./InsertionSortList/Solution.cpp) |
| 155 | Min Stack | [cpp](./MinStack/MinStack.cpp)/[java](./MinStack/MinStack.java)/[python](./MinStack/MinStack.py)/[ruby](./MinStack/MinStack.rb)/[javascript](./MinStack/MinStack.js) |
| 162 | Find Peak Element | [cpp](./FindPeakElement/Solution.cpp)/[java](./FindPeakElement/Solution.java)/[python](./FindPeakElement/Solution.py)/[ruby](./FindPeakElement/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./FindPeakElement/Solution.js) |
| 172 | Factorial Trailing Zeroes | [cpp](./FactorialTrailingZeroes/Solution.cpp)/[java](./FactorialTrailingZeroes/Solution.java)/[python](./FactorialTrailingZeroes/Solution.py)/[ruby](./FactorialTrailingZeroes/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./FactorialTrailingZeroes/Solution.js) |
| 189 | Rotate Array | [cpp](./RotateArray/Solution.cpp)/[java](./RotateArray/Solution.java)/[python](./RotateArray/Solution.py)/[ruby](./RotateArray/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./RotateArray/Solution.js) |
| 190 | Reverse Bits | [cpp](./ReverseBits/Solution.cpp) |
| 191 | Number Of 1 Bits | [cpp](./NumberOf1Bits/Solution.cpp)/[java](./NumberOf1Bits/Solution.java)/[python](./NumberOf1Bits/Solution.py)/[ruby](./NumberOf1Bits/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./NumberOf1Bits/Solution.js) |
| 192 | Word Frequency | [bash](./WordFrequency/Solution.sh) |
| 193 | Valid Phone Number | [bash](./ValidPhoneNumber/Solution.sh) |
| 194 | Transpose File | [bash](./TransposeFile/Solution.sh) |
| 195 | Tenth Line | [bash](./TenthLine/Solution.sh) |
| 198 | House Robber | [cpp](./HouseRobber/Solution.cpp)/[java](./HouseRobber/Solution.java)/[python](./HouseRobber/Solution.py)/[ruby](./HouseRobber/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./HouseRobber/Solution.js) |
| 202 | Happy Number | [cpp](./HappyNumber/Solution.cpp)/[java](./HappyNumber/Solution.java)/[python](./HappyNumber/Solution.py)/[ruby](./HappyNumber/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./HappyNumber/Solution.js) |
| 206 | Reverse Linked List | [cpp](./ReverseLinkedList/Solution.cpp)/[java](./ReverseLinkedList/Solution.java)/[python](./ReverseLinkedList/Solution.py)/[ruby](./ReverseLinkedList/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./ReverseLinkedList/Solution.js) |
| 223 | Rectangle Area | [cpp](./RectangleArea/Solution.cpp)/[java](./RectangleArea/Solution.java)/[python](./RectangleArea/Solution.py)/[ruby](./RectangleArea/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./RectangleArea/Solution.js) |
| 228 | Summary Ranges | [cpp](./SummaryRanges/Solution.cpp)/[java](./SummaryRanges/Solution.java)/[python](./SummaryRanges/Solution.py)/[ruby](./SummaryRanges/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./SummaryRanges/Solution.js) |
| 231 | Power Of Two | [cpp](./PowerOfTwo/Solution.cpp)/[java](./PowerOfTwo/Solution.java)/[python](./PowerOfTwo/Solution.py)/[ruby](./PowerOfTwo/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./PowerOfTwo/Solution.js) |
| 234 | Palindrome Linked List | [cpp](./PalindromeLinkedList/Solution.cpp)/[java](./PalindromeLinkedList/Solution.java)/[python](./PalindromeLinkedList/Solution.py)/[ruby](./PalindromeLinkedList/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./PalindromeLinkedList/Solution.js) |
| 235 | Lowest Common Ancestor Of A Binary Search Tree | [cpp](./LowestCommonAncestorOfABinarySearchTree/Solution.cpp)/[java](./LowestCommonAncestorOfABinarySearchTree/Solution.java)/[python](./LowestCommonAncestorOfABinarySearchTree/Solution.py)/[ruby](./LowestCommonAncestorOfABinarySearchTree/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./LowestCommonAncestorOfABinarySearchTree/Solution.js) |
| 236 | Lowest Common Ancestor Of A Binary Tree | [cpp](./LowestCommonAncestorOfABinaryTree/Solution.cpp)/[java](./LowestCommonAncestorOfABinaryTree/Solution.java)/[python](./LowestCommonAncestorOfABinaryTree/Solution.py)/[ruby](./LowestCommonAncestorOfABinaryTree/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./LowestCommonAncestorOfABinaryTree/Solution.js) |
| 237 | Delete Node in a Linked List | [cpp](./DeleteNodeInALinkedList/Solution.cpp)/[java](./DeleteNodeInALinkedList/Solution.java)/[python](./DeleteNodeInALinkedList/Solution.py)/[ruby](./DeleteNodeInALinkedList/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./DeleteNodeInALinkedList/Solution.js) |
| 238 | Product Of Array Except Self | [cpp](./ProductOfArrayExceptSelf/Solution.cpp)/[java](./ProductOfArrayExceptSelf/Solution.java)/[python](./ProductOfArrayExceptSelf/Solution.py)/[ruby](./ProductOfArrayExceptSelf/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./ProductOfArrayExceptSelf/Solution.js) |
| 241 | Different Ways To Add Parentheses | [cpp](./DifferentWaysToAddParentheses/Solution.cpp)/[java](./DifferentWaysToAddParentheses/Solution.java)/[python](./DifferentWaysToAddParentheses/Solution.py)/[ruby](./DifferentWaysToAddParentheses/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./DifferentWaysToAddParentheses/Solution.js) |
| 242 | Valid Anagram | [cpp](./ValidAnagram/Solution.cpp)/[java](./ValidAnagram/Solution.java) |
| 257 | Binary Tree Paths | [cpp](./binaryTreePaths/Solution.cpp)/[java](./binaryTreePaths/Solution.java)/[python](./binaryTreePaths/Solution.py)/[ruby](./binaryTreePaths/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./binaryTreePaths/Solution.js) |
| 258 | Add Digits | [cpp](./AddDigits/Solution.cpp)/[java](./AddDigits/Solution.java)/[python](./AddDigits/Solution.py)/[ruby](./AddDigits/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./AddDigits/Solution.js) |
| 263 | Ugly Number | [cpp](./UglyNumber/Solution.cpp)/[java](./UglyNumber/Solution.java)/[python](./UglyNumber/Solution.py)/[ruby](./UglyNumber/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./UglyNumber/Solution.js) |
| 264 | Ugly Number II | [cpp](./UglyNumberII/Solution.cpp)/[java](./UglyNumberII/Solution.java)/[python](./UglyNumberII/Solution.py)/[ruby](./UglyNumberII/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./UglyNumberII/Solution.js) |
| 268 | Missing Number | [cpp](./MissingNumber/Solution.cpp)/[java](./MissingNumber/Solution.java)/[python](./MissingNumber/Solution.py)/[ruby](./MissingNumber/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./MissingNumber/Solution.js) |
| 274 | H-Index | [cpp](./H-Index/Solution.cpp)/[java](./H-Index/Solution.java)/[python](./H-Index/Solution.py)/[ruby](./H-Index/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./H-Index/Solution.js) |
| 275 | H-Index II | [cpp](./H-IndexII/Solution.cpp)/[java](./H-IndexII/Solution.java)/[python](./H-IndexII/Solution.py)/[ruby](./H-IndexII/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./H-IndexII/Solution.js) |
| 278 | First Bad Version | [cpp](./FirstBadVersion/Solution.cpp)/[java](./FirstBadVersion/Solution.java)/[python](./FirstBadVersion/Solution.py)/[ruby](./FirstBadVersion/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./FirstBadVersion/Solution.js) |
| 279 | Perfect Squares | [cpp](./PerfectSquares/Solution.cpp)/[java](./PerfectSquares/Solution.java)/[python](./PerfectSquares/Solution.py)/[ruby](./PerfectSquares/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./PerfectSquares/Solution.js) |
| 283 | Move Zeroes | [cpp](./MoveZeroes/Solution.cpp)/[java](./MoveZeroes/Solution.java)/[python](./MoveZeroes/Solution.py)/[rb](./MoveZeroes/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./MoveZeroes/Solution.js) |
| 284 | Peeking Iterator | [cpp](./PeekingIterator/Solution.cpp)/[java](./PeekingIterator/Solution.java)/[python](./PeekingIterator/Solution.py) |
| 290 | Word Pattern | [java](./WordPattern/Solution.java)/[python](./WordPattern/Solution.py)/[ruby](./WordPattern/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./WordPattern/Solution.js) |
| 292 | Nim Game | [cpp](./NimGame/Solution.cpp)/[java](./NimGame/Solution.java)/[python](./NimGame/Solution.py)/[ruby](./NimGame/Solution.rb)/[javascript](./NimGame/Solution.js) |
